so here we are my name is crap mouse and
I am making another Evan aircard
prestige emblem from he's set on his
channel in call of duty black ops
hopefully you guys enjoy today I'm doing
the my white whale of this series I've
been there's a emblem I've been worried
about up until this point and it's the
Rhino and as you guys can see and I the
starting point was the really hard part
of this emblem and one size I was trying
out loads of different things I was
trying to dragon the lion and you know I
was its emblem took me so long to get
down and even like even when i recorded
my run and like one side in my mind
decided what was right I was uh I was
recording it I was still making changes
like you're gonna see the shield in the
mouth I decide no I can't I can't
sacrifice a layer to worry about the
mouth when there's so much more I want
to do especially am I actually use that
layer in my mind's eye this is I use
that layer instead of doing that to put
a bit more shading on the central horn
and you know I'm also allowed to put
sort of more details into the sort of
the things around the face and you
watching all this and um as you can
probably tell I'm really proud about
this one you know I was really worried
about it for some time and I really
didn't want to do a bad emblem like I'm
trying my real best to do a series of
great emblems and I was really worried
that this one was gonna be the black
sheep and the fact it was gonna be a
sort of fail emblem and it's something I
really didn't want to sort of let let
you guys down by making a sort of bad
emblem and especially as I've sort of
committed to this project and I really
want to get it done to the best of my
ability so and as you can probably tell
I'm really quite proud of the result of
this one and hopefully you guys share
and the sort of the joy that I get from
it as well and I really all comes across
like I really enjoy this as well so am
yeah hopefully you guys enjoy and all
that sort of nonsense and you know as
you can see i'm just putting like the
finishing touches and i'll show you guys
on the gun in a minute as well and just
so you can have a look see what it's
like and yeah as you can see i'm
constantly changing this emblem around
like constantly evolving it and making
sure like i was sure about everything
like i wanted to know the shading what
sort of Gray's to use and all this sort
of thing and yeah i was determined to
make this one my best so far and it's
definitely my personal best now and if
you go watch back the other videos and i
still really love the emblems I'm real
proud of these ones but I think just on
the pure sense of I don't know just the
sort of process that I had to go through
to make this emblem um you know it's
definitely my favorite so far but i'll
stop rambling i'll show you guys the gun
because i'm sure you don't to see how it
looks and there you go quite good be
careful obviously there are a lot of
greys there are sort of a lot of sort of
bland colors so you really want to be
careful with the camo I know I've said
this before but I just want to reiterate
it again um yeah just be careful with
what you choose there and um yeah links
time yeah click on the link on the left
to have a look at the original emblem
it's a really good one it's a really
sort of you know its prestige 5 is just
great click down the bottom to have a
look at Evans channel really great
pieces there all the other set and all
that and if you want to see the previous
emblem which is the akimbo 45s although
either guess my version is the akimbo
pirate guns and if you want to check
that out as well I'd be more than happy
for you guys to as well and this has
been a pleasure or hopefully you guys
want to stick around to see some more I
will speak to you in the future bye bye
and whilst them on the subject of that
Adam there's a really cool theory behind
it as well which I really just want to
talk about for a second and I